feat(gitea/autodoscover): filter unusable repos (#28063)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/platform/gitea/readme.md

- none

## Repo autodiscover

> Renovate can discover repositories on Gitea using the autodiscover feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate can discover repositories on Gitea using the `autodiscover` feature.
```

Do you mean this specific config option, or something else?

Repositories are ignored when one of the following conditions is met:

> - The repository is a `mirror`
> - We don't have push or pull permissions to that repository.
> - Pull requests are disabled for that repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The repository is a `mirror`
- We do not have push or pull permissions to that repository
- Pull requests are disabled for that repository
```

We don't use punctuation at the end of list items.
Also I think we want to expand contractions like `don't` to `do not`.
